Sentry Dart and Flutter Migration guide (#3287)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/flutter/migration.mdx

---
title: Migration Guide
sidebar_order: 1000
---

## Migrating from `sentry_flutter` `4.0.x` to `sentry_flutter` `5.0.0`

In addition to the changes introduced in [sentry](/platforms/dart/migration/):

> - `SentryFlutterOptions.enableLifecycleBreadcrumbs` was replaced with `SentryFlutterOptions.enableAppLifecycleBreadcrumbs`.
> - The Web Plugin Registrant import changed from `import 'package:sentry_flutter/src/sentry_flutter_web.dart';` to `import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter_web.dart';`
> - This change may lead to breaking changes. In most cases, however, this change won't lead to breaking changes since the referencing file is auto-generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `SentryFlutterOptions.enableLifecycleBreadcrumbs` was replaced with `SentryFlutterOptions.enableAppLifecycleBreadcrumbs`.
* The Web Plugin Registrant import changed from `import 'package:sentry_flutter/src/sentry_flutter_web.dart';` to `import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter_web.dart';`
  * This change may lead to breaking changes. In most cases, however, this change won't lead to breaking changes since the referencing file is auto-generated.
```

> - `SentryFlutterOptions.enableLifecycleBreadcrumbs` was replaced with `SentryFlutterOptions.enableAppLifecycleBreadcrumbs`.
> - The Web Plugin Registrant import changed from `import 'package:sentry_flutter/src/sentry_flutter_web.dart';` to `import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter_web.dart';`
>   - This change may lead to breaking changes. In most cases, however, this change won't lead to breaking changed because the referencing file is auto-generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SentryFlutterOptions.enableLifecycleBreadcrumbs` was replaced with `SentryFlutterOptions.enableAppLifecycleBreadcrumbs`.
- The Web Plugin Registrant import changed from `import 'package:sentry_flutter/src/sentry_flutter_web.dart';` to `import 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter_web.dart';`
- This change may lead to breaking changes. In most cases, however, this change won't lead to breaking changes because the referencing file is auto-generated.
```

---
title: Migration Guide
sidebar_order: 1000

> redirect_from:
>   - /platforms/flutter/migrate/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: new content. No need for redirect.

---

> ## Migrating from `sentry_dart` `4.0.x` to `sentry_dart` `5.0.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrating from `sentry_flutter` `4.0.x` to `sentry_flutter` `5.0.0`
```

> In addition to the changes of [sentry_dart](/platforms/dart/migrate/)
> there are the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the changes of [sentry](/platforms/dart/migration/)
there are the following changes:
```

> In addition to the changes of [sentry_dart](/platforms/dart/migrate/)
> there are the following changes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the changes introduced in [sentry_dart](/platforms/dart/migrate/):
```

> - `SentryFlutterOptions.enableLifecycleBreadcrumbs` was removed. Use `SentryFlutterOptions.enableAppLifecycleBreadcrumbs` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `SentryFlutterOptions.enableLifecycleBreadcrumbs` was replaced with `SentryFlutterOptions.enableAppLifecycleBreadcrumbs`.
```

> - The Web Plugin Registrant import changed from 'package:sentry_flutter/src/sentry_flutter_web.dart'; to 'package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter_web.dart';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Web Plugin Registrant import changed from `package:sentry_flutter/src/sentry_flutter_web.dart;` to `package:sentry_flutter/sentry_flutter_web.dart;`
```

>   - This could lead to breaking changes. Typically it shouldn't because the referencing file is auto-generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - This change may lead to breaking changes. In most cases, however, this change won't lead to breaking changes since the referencing file is auto-generated.
```
